# Elliston

You're in a liminal style suburb complete with strange photoshoppy old style graphics. You cannot leave the suburb because all roads lead back into the town. There are people in the town who speak in computerized voices and have primitive animations. When they speak to you their heads lock onto the camera as usual except their heads can also rotate a full 360 degrees if you walk around behind them. The people do their business as usual, going here and there, driving in cars and watching the TV. The TVs show pixellated images of a beautiful outside world with lush vegetation. Every now and then a traveller will pass through the town pedalling strange wares. The townspeople will avoid them. The travellers do not speak and their communications appear as subtitles as if they are telepathic. They tell you they need people like you - that there is a border they cannot cross and that there are many strange paths and secrets in the world. They trade you jewels and other beautiful or useful items in exchange for things common to your world such as cups or street signs. Perhaps you will go around stealing all the street signs to trade to the travellers. If the townspeople find any of your otherworldly items they will confiscate them, though they might just throw them in the garbage so that you could pick them up again. You need to be able to interact with the world in all its simplicity and strange orderliness. You can break down the sign posts, perhaps even dismantle automobiles and build houses from simple parts. The travellers will give you information about how to leave the village. They'll give you hints about the secret passages to the outside world. There might be some cats or birds who could also guide you somehow. You should be able to do simple agriculture and produce strange mixtures and essences - perhaps in the spirit of alchemy. The allure and mystery of the outside world will be so much greater against the backdrop of uncanny lifelessness. Outside the suburban world there is - what?

There should maybe be lots of weird intersections like 5-ways and jogged crossroads. Probably some good roundabouts too. Maybe the roundabouts can all have strange statues in the middle or something. They're like the urban equivalent of fairy rings - strange and somehow magical. 